{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh14120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 I pulled my dataset from an R package called \'93fivethirtyeight\'94. The dataset I chose to use was bad_drivers. This is a well known R package and website (now part of ABCnews) and readily available to the public on github. The data file is a .csv file so it is accessible with basic software such as excel. Since this dataset is readily available and quick to open on any computer, it is a great tool for learning to code and to learn about driving habits in America.\
 Additionally, the github repository readme file includes sources of the raw data, citing the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and National Association of Insurancce Commissioners (NAIC). These data are complementary to each other and are downloaded in the same package. Although this data set doesn\'92t have a persistant identifier, it is no longer being updated per the fivethirtyeight website, and the most updated version is stagnant and available on github. \
As NHTSA is a government entity, their data collected is made public to support the transparency of government directive. \
the NAIC however, is a non-profit organization. So data collection and sharing through this company likely has different policies. The NAIC collaborates heavily with the federal government. They share data after anonymizing it, ensuring that privacy is held. }